About

	What is ACM?

		The Association for Computing Machinery is an international scientific and educational organization dedicated to advancing the arts, sciences, and applications of information technology. With a world-wide membership, ACM is a leading resource for computing professionals and students working in various fields of Information Technology and for interpreting the impact of information technology on society.
	
	What is ACM @ UCF?

		The local student chapter is open to all interested students. Weekly meetings include guest lecturers from the industry, UCF, and other universities.
		
	Advisors

		Dr. Gary T. Leavens

			Chair, UCF's Computer Science Division


			Gary T. Leavens' Department Page	http://www.eecs.ucf.edu/~leavens/
			
		Dr. Arup Guha

			Professor, UCF's Computer Science Division


			Arup Guha's Department Page 	http://www.cs.ucf.edu/~dmarino/ucf/
			
	Officers
	
		Extended Board
		
			Activities Coordinator

			Community Outreach Coordinator

			Event Coordinator

			Historian

			Graduate Relations Coordinator

			Social Coordinator

			Webmaster
			
		Executive Board
			
			President

			Vice President

			Secretary

			Treasurer

			Public Relations Director
			
		SIG Coordinators
		
			SIGAI

			SIGCSE

			SIGGRAPH

			SIGITE

			SIGMOBILE

			SIGWEB

SIGS	
	
	SIGAI

		SIGAI focuses mainly on, well, artificial intelligence. We work in projects that work towards making a computer optimize itself based off of the responses of the user. Currently, we are working on a program that tracks the users hand via webcam, and performs tasks based off of the users hand movements.


	SIGBED

		ACM@UCF's SIGBED​​​ is a group for UCF students who are interested in learning about and developing Embedded Systems. 

		No prior experience with electronics or programming is necessary - ​just a desire to learn and ​a commitment to SIGBED's projects!​​


	SIGCSE

		This group is for people who want to learn about programming! First/Second year in CS/IT/CSE? Just interested in programming and computers? Join ACM SIGCSE @ UCF!

		This SIG would be nothing without teachers. SIGCSE also invites teachers to join up and spread the wealth of knowledge you have to offer.


	SIGITE

		ACM @ UCF's SIGITE is a group for those interested in Information Technology.  Looking to gain actual experience implementing and managing infrastructure systems? This is the place for you!

		No prior knowledge is required, just a willingness to learn!
		
	SIGGRAPH

		ACM @ UCF's SIGGRAPH focuses on research and projects involving video games and/or graphics techniques.

		Game design, programming, graphic design, linear/matrix math, and more come together in a unique development environment.

		No previous experience is necessary, just a passion to learn and create compelling projects and research!​

	 
	​SIGMOBILE

		ACM @ UCF's SIGMOBILE is a project group within ACM @ UCF. We focus on mobile app development for Windows Phone and Android and are always open to new project proposals.

		No previous mobile development experience is necessary to join this SIG group -just a passion for mobile development and a commitment to SIGMOBILE’s projects!

	 
	SIGWEB
		ACM @ UCF's SIGWEB is a project group within ACM @ UCF. We focus on various aspects of web development and are always open to new project proposals.
		No previous web development experience is necessary to join this SIG group -just a passion for the web and a commitment to SIGWEB’s projects!​
		
Events

Blog

Contact

	Subscribe
	
Sponsors

	For contributing to the success of ACM @ UCF, a heartfelt thank you goes out to our sponsors!

	​
	Gold ​
		ROI Revolution


	Silver
		(N/A)


	Bronze
		(N/A)

	Special Thanks
		CECS Technical Support
		
ACM @ UCF : Advancing Computing as a Science and a Profession 